>> Richard Feldman: Now previously, when
we introduced Browser, back in part three
when we introduced Browser.sandbox, which
was the way that we had our program up and
running and able to process interaction,
update took this type signature.
It took a message and
a model and returned a model.
Now, we're gonna be upgrading
to Browser.element,
which has a different signature for
update.
It looks basically the same as before,
except now it's returning a tuple of Model
and Cmd Msg, and
that's the only difference.
Everything else is essentially the same
as before, as we had with the sandbox,
except now we're able to actually do
some commands in addition to our,
that's a tuple sight, it's the first
tuple we've encountered so far.
>> Richard Feldman: Okay, and so
essentially, each of our branches of
update is still going to have that case
expression that's gonna check each of our
messages and make sure that we're
handling everything properly.
And now each of those branches,
instead of returning Model, or
maybe a record update on Model, it's gonna
do that and also some sort of command,
like pickGreeting, for example.
Or, as is so often the case,
we have no commands that we want to run,
you just say Cmd.none.
And that says don't do anything,
I just wanna update the model, or
maybe I don't even wanna update the model.